Changelog February 21 2024 (#234)
CloudCannon/platform-documentation: changelogs/2024-02-21_site-activity-tab-update.mdx

This release also made minor copy changes in the app, allowed users to sync files while an editing session was open, and adding name and email configuration for Client Sharing.

This release addressed issues affecting Site Mounting, the Cloudflare icon, domain releases, DAMs, and the *Sync files* button.

### Features & Improvements:

* Released an appearance update for the *Site Activity* tab. The *Site Activity* tab now shows:
  * Authors and commit messages for changes from an external source (i.e., git provider).
  * Changes to *Branch* and *Publish Branch* settings.
  * When a Sync or Output Error occurs.
  * More events regarding updates to *Site Settings*.
* The *Site Activity* tab will now refresh with each sync or *Site Settings* update.
* Minor copy improvements in the app.
* Users can now sync files while an editing session is open.
* Users can now configure a name and email for Client Sharing. These are used to identify the author of commits to your git repository.

### Fixes:

> * Fixed an issue preventing Standard Plan users from adding multiple Site Mounting.
> * Fixed an issue where the Cloudflare icon was not visible on a white background.
> * Fixed an issue causing domain releases to result in a 404 error.
> * Fixed an issue where CloudCannon would not redirect users away from the *Domain* page after they released a domain.
> * Fixed an issue preventing users from setting a DAM as the main source.
> * Fixed an issue causing the *Sync files* button on the *Site dashboard* to fail in the event of an error.
> * Fixed an issue preventing the Schema option `hide_extra_inputs` from working.
> * Fixed an issue allowing URL encoding to bypass Auth Routes.
> * Fixed an an issue preventing `/.well-known/`&nbsp; URLs being served.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue preventing Standard Plan users from adding multiple Site Mountings.
* Fixed an issue where the Cloudflare icon was not visible on a white background.
* Fixed an issue where CloudCannon would not redirect users away from the *Domain* page after they released a domain.
* Fixed an issue preventing users from setting a DAM as the main source.
* Fixed an issue causing the *Sync files* button on the *Site dashboard* to fail in the event of an error.
* Fixed an issue preventing the Schema option `hide_extra_inputs` from working.
* Fixed an issue allowing URL encoding to bypass Auth Routes.
* Fixed an an issue preventing `/.well-known/` URLs being served.
```
